feat(license-api): New license-api app (#9591)
island-is/island.is: apps/services/license-api/README.md

# License API

REST-ish API that enables the updating of digital licenses

## Quickstart

To run,

```
yarn start license-api
```

## About

> API for updating license data. [See docs in Notion](https://www.notion.so/WIP-RFC-API-to-update-licenses-9809728a87b84345bc6e6f198447d879).

Author: oops, docs need updating

# License API

## About

> A REST-ish API that enables the updating of digital licenses for authenticated external parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A RESTful API that enables the updating of digital licenses for authenticated external parties.
```

## Quickstart

Ensure docker is running, then run the following when running for the first time:

```bash
yarn dev-init license-api
```

To start the app:

```bash
yarn dev license-api
```

> Afterwards, you can view the open api specs at localhost:4248/swagger/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, you can view the open api specs at http://localhost:4248/swagger/
```
